# Windows Modding Resources
First of all, the easiest way to get a given theme installed and working is to use a transformation pack or custom ISO. Here's a list of the notable ones that I know of:
* Revert8Plus: Windows Vista and 7 transformation pack. Works on Windows 8, 8.1, 10 (1507-22H2), and 11 (22H2 and 23H2). Developed by Tech Stuff/@teknixstuff (me!). The current version (v3.3.4) isn't very accurate, and has poor support for Windows 11, but the upcoming version 4 will resolve both of these issues, in addition to many other new features.
* ImSwordQueen's 21H2to7: Windows 7 transformation pack. Works on Windows 10 21H2 and 22H2. Developed by ImSwordQueen. Much more accurate than the current version of Revert8Plus, but is missing some extra features that Revert8Plus has.
* Reloaded7: Windows 7 themed custom ISO. Based on Windows 10 IoT Enterprise LTSC 2021 (21H2). Originally developed by Team (now seemingly left the community), now continued by Oleg. Most accurate option publicly available currently, but since it's a custom ISO, you either have to dualboot it (keeping your current installation of Windows with your apps and data, and installing a fresh copy without your stuff alongside, that you can switch between during boot), or replace your current install of Windows and erase your apps and data.
* Nostalgia 09: Windows 7 themed custom ISO. Based on Windows 10 IoT Enterprise LTSC 2021 (21H2). Developed by neptune (`@neptueen`). Possibly more accurate than Reloaded7, but not available publicly at this time. The same dualbooting/clean install stuff mentioned about reloaded7 also applies to this, as it's also a custom ISO.
* Nostalgia 07: Windows Vista themed custom ISO. Based on Windows 10 IoT Enterprise LTSC 2021 (21H2). Developed by neptune (`@neptueen`). The only 10toVista ISO in existence currently, but not available publicly at this time. The same dualbooting/clean install stuff mentioned about reloaded7 also applies to this, as it's also a custom ISO.
If you want to set up a theme yourself manually, here's a list of useful tools that you might want to use:
* Aero10: A very accurate Windows Vista and 7 msstyles theme. Made by vaporvance.
* SecureUXTheme: Allows for non-microsoft msstyles themes to be applied.
* OpenGlass: Applies aero glass (shiny, blurred, and tinted, glass) to title bars and window borders.
* Windhawk: Injects custom code into processes. Very versatile utility.
